init-smem/lucia-extras.soar:32:#   (<bob> ^handle person-bob1 ^object-instance true ^item-type object
init-smem/lucia-extras.soar:33:    (<bob> ^handle bob ^object-instance true ^item-type object
init-smem/lucia-extras.soar:37:    (<lights> ^handle conference-room-lights1 ^object-instance true ^item-type object)
init-smem/lucia-extras.soar:50:#    (<kit> ^handle loc-kitchen1 ^object-instance true ^item-type object ^waypoint wp03
init-smem/lucia-extras.soar:54:    (<soar> ^handle loc-soar1 ^object-instance true ^item-type object ^waypoint wp01
init-smem/lucia-extras.soar:58:    (<main> ^handle loc-main1 ^object-instance true ^item-type object ^waypoint wp02
init-smem/lucia-extras.soar:62:    (<conf> ^handle loc-conf1 ^object-instance true ^item-type object ^waypoint wp04
init-smem/concepts.soar:224:   (@solution1 ^handle solution1 ^property @category ^item-type object) 
init-smem/concepts.soar:229:   (@steps1 ^handle steps1 ^property @shape ^multiple true ^item-type object)
manage-world-state/construct-world-object.soar:97:#       ^item-type object
manage-world-state/construct-world-object.soar:261:   (<obj> ^item-type object
testing/test-chunking.soar:29:           ^item-type object
testing/test-chunking.soar:34:           ^item-type object
testing/test-chunking.soar:39:          ^item-type object
lucia/interpret/do-definition.soar:105:   #    then this will have ^item-type object.
lucia/interpret/do-definition.soar:111:                    ^item-type object
manage-world-state/toadd/update-smem-object.soar:65:          ^ignore-level1 handle item-type object-instance predicates in-smem room1 storage1
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:12:   (<obj-5> ^handle obj5 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-5-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:16:   (<obj-6> ^handle obj6 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-6-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:20:	(<obj-7>  ^handle obj7 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-7-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:24:	(<obj-8>  ^handle obj8 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-8-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:28:	(<obj-9>  ^handle obj9 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-9-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:32:	(<obj-10> ^handle obj10 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-10-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:36:	(<obj-11> ^handle obj11 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-11-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:40:	(<obj-12> ^handle obj12 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-12-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:44:	(<obj-13> ^handle obj13 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-13-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:48:	(<obj-14> ^handle obj14 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-14-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:52:	(<obj-15> ^handle obj15 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-15-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:56:	(<obj-16> ^handle obj16 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-16-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/small-office.soar:60:	(<obj-17> ^handle obj17 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj-17-preds>)
manage-world-state/internal-worlds/simple.soar:13:   (<obj1> ^handle box1_1 ^item-type object ^predicates <obj1-preds>)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-object-description.soar:63:   (<obj> ^item-type object)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-object-description.soar:74:   (<obj> ^item-type object)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-object-description.soar:347:   (<msg-obj> ^item-type object
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-what-is-question.soar:48:   (<arg1> ^item-type object)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-object-definition.soar:34:   (<obj> ^item-type object)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-object-definition.soar:54:  (<obj> ^item-type object)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-object-definition.soar:70:  (<obj> ^item-type object)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-quoted-sentence.soar:53:   (<msg-obj> ^item-type object
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-yes-no-message.soar:41:   (<msg-obj> ^item-type object
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-person-name.soar:28:   (<obj> ^item-type object
interaction/interpret-message/elaborations.soar:38:#    (<P90133> ^handle new-object-id3 ^item-type object ^predicates <P90134>
interaction/interpret-message/elaborations.soar:42:#      (<P90154> ^handle new-object-id4 ^item-type object ^predicates <P90155>
interaction/interpret-message/elaborations.soar:52:#      (<P90367> ^handle new-object-id8 ^item-type object ^predicates <P90368>
interaction/interpret-message/elaborations.soar:60:#    (<R10042> ^arm <A10080> ^handle rosie ^item-type object ^predicates <P90070>)
interaction/interpret-message/elaborations.soar:64:#      (<P90305> ^handle new-object-id6 ^item-type object ^predicates <P90306>
interaction/interpret-message/elaborations.soar:80:#    (<P90950> ^handle new-object-id15 ^item-type object ^predicates <P90951>
interaction/interpret-message/elaborations.soar:92:#        (<P91349> ^handle new-object-id19 ^item-type object ^predicates <P91350>
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-conditional-predicate.soar:517:   (<arg2> ^item-type object ^predicates <pp>)
interaction/interpret-message/interpret-conditional-predicate.soar:537:   (<arg2> ^item-type object ^predicates <pp>)
lucia/comprehend/comprehend-word-A/create-new-object.soar:65:             ^item-type object
lucia/comprehend/comprehend-word-A/resolve-pronoun.soar:84:         ^item-type object
lucia/comprehend/comprehend-word/create-new-object.soar:50:             ^item-type object
problem-space/action/subproblem-search/elaborations.soar:43:   (<obj> ^item-type object)
satisfy-purpose/learning-event/equate-objects/elaborations.soar:45:  (<new> ^item-type object-info ^shape <val>)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/action-models.soar:41:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/action-models.soar:63:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/action-models.soar:87:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/action-models.soar:253:#   (<answer> ^item-type object ^predicates <preds>)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/xxx_old_proposals.soar:138:#   (<left-wall> ^item-type object ^predicates <left-preds>)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/xxx_old_proposals.soar:146:#   (<right-wall> ^item-type object ^predicates <right-preds>)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/xxx_old_proposals.soar:592:   (<left-wall> ^item-type object ^predicates <left-preds>)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/xxx_old_proposals.soar:600:   (<right-wall> ^item-type object ^predicates <right-preds>)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:5:#   (<ans> ^item-type object)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:40:#   (<ans> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:57:#   (<ans> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:73:#   (<ans> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:93:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:110:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:122:#   (<ans> -^item-type object)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/change-world-state.soar:126:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_think/elaborations.soar:46:   (<cue> ^item-type object-info ^shape <pred>)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_think/elaborations.soar:53:   (<res> ^item-type object-info)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_think/elaborations.soar:62:   (<loc> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/action-models.soar:13:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:5:   (<ans> ^item-type object)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:40:#   (<ans> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:57:#   (<ans> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:73:#   (<ans> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:93:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:110:#          ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:122:#   (<ans> -^item-type object)
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_ask/record-answer.soar:126:#          ^item-type object
manage-world-state/attend-to-perception/_old_new-belief-object/match-existing-object/matches-object-predicates.soar:111:   (<ign> ^predicate handle item-type object-instance predicates in-smem room1 storage1 arm-status is-confirmed1 is-visible1 is-connected1 affordance1 is-reachable1 dialog-object)
problem-space/action/task-utils/construct/construct-task-operator/comprehension__add-reference-info.soar:6:   (<obj> ^item-type object)
problem-space/action/task-utils/construct/construct-task-argument/object.soar:9:   (<src-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/construct/construct-task-operator/construct-task-argument.soar:19:   (<obj> ^item-type object)
problem-space/action/task-utils/construct/construct-task-operator/construct-task-argument.soar:38:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:308:  (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:327:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:348:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:371:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:396:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:423:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:452:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/instantiate/instantiate-task-argument/object.soar:483:   (<obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_go-to-next-waypoint/internal/create-location-object.soar:23:              ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-implementations/op_go-to-next-waypoint/internal/create-location-object.soar:47:              ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:85:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:103:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:124:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:146:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:170:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:196:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:224:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:254:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:286:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:320:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
problem-space/action/task-utils/copy/copy-task-argument/object.soar:356:   (<new-obj> ^item-type object
